docs: rename public docs (#85)
ETOSPHERES-Labs/etopay-sdk: sdk/docs/SDK Reference/SDK API Reference.md

## JavaScript / TypeScript

The API reference for the JS/TS bindings are available [here](../jstsdocs/classes/ETOPaySdk.html). Please consult the tables below for the dependencies between each function.

## Java

> The Javadoc API reference for the Java bindings is available [here](../javadoc/com/etogruppe/ETOPaySdk.html). Please consult the tables below for the dependencies between each function.

Reviewer: Actually, for this to work in the current state, this link should be
```suggestion
The Javadoc API reference for the Java bindings is available [here](../javadoc/com/cawaena/Wallet.html). Please consult the tables below for the dependencies between each function.
```
Not sure if we need to change it here since we are renaming that anyways but just FYI 👍

Author: Yeah, this was mostly the `find and replace` side effect but I wrote also in the PR description that it will not work. Mentioned in [ZD0006-621](https://jira.etogruppe.com/browse/ZD0006-621) to make sure these work after the change it 😄
